how's everybody be a bride here and
welcome to the latest webisode of bas
corner it's been a few weeks since the
last webisode and I was looking for some
inspiration and two Sundays ago I found
just that for the past three years or so
the University of Hawaii fans have had
the privilege of witnessing the
spectacle that is called Brennan and two
Sundays ago the rest of the country
finally got to see what we've been
talking about all along that this kid
can throw the rock but ever since that
debacle that was the Sugar Bowl code has
received more than his fair share of
criticism from his size throwing motion
and the caliber of talent that he's
played against so in his NFL debut it
was so gratifying to see him excel more
than anybody could have expected well
except for maybe Colt Brennan himself so
after witnessing the best preseason
debut by any rookie quarterback that
I've ever seen I can't believe how many
critics and haters are still out there
to include the coaching staff of the
Washington Redskins now it's obvious
that I'm no NFL quarterbacks coach but
come on do you need to be to see how
great Colt Brennan was 9 of 10 123 yards
and oh by the way two touchdowns to boot
not to mention he was down by a
touchdown when he came into the game to
say his technique was horrible as an
offensive assistant did if that's what
horrible technique does for a team well
I'd like a locker room full of
quarterbacks will horrible technique
it's quite obvious that the skins
coaching staff are trying to quell a
quarterback controversy but to criticize
some of the great throws that Colt
Brennan made as risky is just plain
pathetic okay maybe 1 i'll give you one
just one quarterbacks are the maestro's
of the gridiron they're there to
orchestrate a symphony against the
opposing team's defense and that's what
Colt Brennan did now i'm not trying to
anoint up to the Hall of Fame just yet
and I do know the preseason exhibition
game against players who may or may not
be there at the start of the regular
season look all I'm trying to say is
it's hard to criticize a quarterback
rating of 150 7.53 SPF 40 20km very calm
I'm be a Ryan and you've been hanging
out and be your face to be easily tweak
on ESPN 1420 am calm